Fix feature gates for v1.29 (#44457)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/zero-limited-nominal-concurrency-shares.md

---
title: ZeroLimitedNominalConcurrencyShares
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false
---

> Allow Priority & Fairness in the API server to use a zero value for the 'nominalConcurrencyShares' field of the 'limited' section of a priority level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow [Priority & Fairness](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control/) in the API server
to use a zero value for the `nominalConcurrencyShares` field of the `limited` section of a priority level.
```
